Which of the following are likely symptoms of a malware infection?
1. Changed file permissions.&&2. Renamed system files.
Which of the following are the FIRST settings you should check if you suspect that a malware attack has impacted your internet connection?
1. DNS settings&&2. Proxy settings
You are an IT technician for your company. Vivian, an employee, has been receiving error messages, indicating that some of her Windows system files are corrupt or missing. To fix this issue, you ran the Windows System File Checker tool (SFC.exe).&&Shortly after the files were repaired, Vivian called again because she is still having the same issue. You now suspect that a corruption or a renaming of the system files is being caused by malware.&&Which of the following is the FIRST step you should take to remove any malware on the system?
Disconnect Vivian's computer from the network.
While browsing the internet, a pop-up browser window comes up, warning you that your system is infected with a virus. You are directed to click a link to remove the virus.&&Which of the following are the BEST next actions to take?
1. Run a full system scan using the anti-malware software installed on your system.&&2. Update the virus definitions for your locally installed anti-malware software.
An employee calls to complain that their browser keeps opening up to a strange search engine page, and a toolbar has been added to their browser.&&Which of the following malware issues are MOST likely causing the problem?
Software issues
Which type of file is commonly used by trusted websites to create installation software for mobile devices?
APK file
Which of the following are common symptoms of a compromised mobile device?
1. Increased data usage&&2. Connectivity issues
Your company is creating a financial application that you want to first test on &&mobile devices. Several customers have asked to be part of the beta testing process.&&What do the employees need to do on their mobile devices in order to be able to participate in the beta test?
Turn on Developer Mode
You have just visited a website on your mobile device when your web browser locks up, and you receive a warning that your device has a virus. You are given a phone number to call to remove the virus.&&Which of the following describes the type of malware symptom that you are MOST likely experiencing?
False security warning
Which mobile device vulnerability results in a user unlocking all of a mobile device's features and capabilities?
Jailbreaking

